Where the fuck is it?
I can see it.
Shhhh....Shhhhh.
It's coming, it's coming, it's coming...
It's coming, it's coming.
Where the fuck is it?
Let's get the fuck out of here.
He wanted to play soccer
for a well known club.
Do you know what they said?
He wasn't fast enough.
Pack your things.
We're leaving.
You want to continue?
Isn't it better to go back
to the observatory?
And then?
What can we do there?
This was your idea.
You wanted to find the signal.
You wanted to come.
Start getting ready.
Don't shoot!
What the fuck is that?
It's okay, it's dead.
My wife shot it.
You better get inside.
Come on!
So where are you going?
To my laboratory at the university.
I'm trying to find a way
to kill these things.
Well, best of luck with that.
It's gone.
We're in an apartment nearby.
You should just come with us.
There is coffee in the kitchen.
Thanks.
Noah loves you.
How do you know that?
After the attack he was determined...
to find you and Sacha.
I'm glad I stopped.
Are you scared of getting cancer?
I'm pregnant.
How far along are you?
16 weeks.
Really shitty timing.
Where's the father?
What are you going to do?
What would you do in my place?
Mum?
Mum!
What is it?
Tom?
Oh my God!
It's okay, it's dead.
What's it doing here?
Ask them.
Hi.
I have to go.
You're going to be safer to go
with your brother
than anywhere else.
You think I'm safe?
Well, I hope you find your family.
Say goodbye to Sacha for me?
Aha.
Good luck.
Yup.
Here's some blankets
if you need them.
There's a double in our room
if you and your husband want to swap.
Ex-husband.
I think we'll be fine here.
Right. Sorry.
Have you seen other people?
Just one.
What happened to them?
She...
"went" to be with her children.
I'm glad you're here.
I'll let you settle in.
Is that it's brain?
You see how tightly bound
the neural packages are?
There's a very high corelation between
neuron density and intelligence.
What does that mean?
A larger animal like an elephant...
They have...they have a bigger brain,
but lower neuron density.
Where as a bird,
with a smaller brain
has a greater neuron density.
I guess it means that
you're more likely to be intelligent
if you're "dense".
Is that a joke?
Kind of.
They have brains like birds?
No, it's...
it's a completely differetn
neuron structure.
I think it's just a simple
killing machine.
I don't think it's capable
of developing
sophisticated technology.
So...
what does that mean?
That means this is the monkey,
not the organ grinder.
It's some kind of mirror.
It could be a scanner.
Is it an eye?
There's no optic nerve.
If it's not connected to the brain
how the hell does it see?
Is it blind?
Well, what's the mirror for?
My sister's blind.
She was.
Ever since the attack she
started to see again.
What do you mean?
She can see...
but not like before.
She says it's different.
In what way different?
You'll have to ask her.
What if it uses some kind of...sonar?
Like a bat.
Maybe.
That's a good question.
You know what the most important
scientific discovery is?
Ignorance.
And when we discovered
how little we knew,
we had to look for answers.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
I'll let you get on with it.
Is she okay?
We had a son...
a little but older than you.
Did...they kill him?
What are you reading?
A novel?
What's it about?
It's about a man who hurts people.
Why?
I don't know.
I think he enjoys it.
Do you enjoy reading...
that kind of thing?
Not really.
I don't like reading.
How are you feeling?
Is everything alright?
Are you okay?
Do you want breakfast?
No.
Well...
Maybe later.
Mmmm.
What's up with Sacha?
He's acting strange.
Maybe he doesn't like you.
He liked me before you came.
It's probably puberty.
You didn't make coffee?
You've always been lazy.
You never got out of bed
in the morning,
not even when you had school.
You were horrible.
You drove Mum crazy.
Your new boyfriend...
he actually wants to die.
Is he stupid or what?
His family is dead.
You don't know that.
You think you should've
gone with him.
That wouldn't have been very smart.
Only stupid people
dig their own graves.
The best he can hope for
is a quick death.
Us too.
Don't say that.
Don't say that, okay?
You're back.
Hi.
I have something for you.
Oh, what is it?
Your stick.
You left it at the hospital.
Thank you.
We're going to search
the other apartments for food.
Is there something you want?
Umm...spaghetti hoops.
I'll see what we can find.
Hey, Loverboy!
Come on.
Hi, Love.
Are you hungry?
There's some cereal bars
and Ash found a camping stove.
Do you eat beans and eggs?
Emily, what is it?
There's something there.
It's one of those things.
It's dead.
How'd you know it was there?
I can feel it.
What's it doing here?
When they were coming back
from the hospital
Ash and Kareem met some people.
Bill and Helen.
He's trying to figure out
how to kill them.
I don't think you should
be doing that.
Just come away from it, now.
You must be Emily.
How did it die?
It tried to kill me
and my wife shot it.
What's wrong?
I felt it...
die.
I don't know what's happening to her.
Tom says that she started to see again
after the attack.
It comes and goes.
That's what she says.
You don't believe her?
The doctors said
her sight will never return
She developed Stargardt's disease
when she was 13.
Has anything like that ever
happened before?
She's had hallucinations.
The doctors said that can happen, but
Um...it wasn't like this.
She's been hearing things too.
What kind of things?
She said it's a pulsating sound.
No one else has heard it.
Oh, it stinks so bad!
It looks like someone has
already been here.
So are you planning on making move
any time soon?
Make a move?
Don't you want Emily?
You think she likes me?
you're blinder than she is.
Mate, if you can't see that
Did you find any spaghetti hoops?
No chance.
Posh people don't do tinned foods.
It's all fresh and organic.
They've screwed me already.
He must have got in there
to hide from the attack.
Mate, you have had a nightmare.
Maybe you should talk to Bill.
he studies neurology.
Leave me alone.
Em...
Will you please just fuck off?
What are those pills for?
Your hand was shaking.
What's wrong with you?
Tell me.
I have muscular dystrophy.
Is it hereditary?
Can Sacha get it too?
I'm sorry.
Oh shit!
Let's go!
That sound.
Didn't you hear it?
Come with me.
Hurry up! Hurry up!
Where did you see them?
300 meters away.
How many of them?
One, for now.
Do what I say.
And Alexis?
Do you want to wait?
Let's go!
Get out of here! Fast!
Come on, Noah! This way!
Noah, hurry up!
Come on! Go! Go!
Chloé?
No!
Sasha!
You can't get through this way! Go around!
We'll meet you at the factory!
Go no! Go!
Sacha, unlock the door!
Sacha!
Sacha, open up!
You shouldn't have done that to Mum.
Open the door! Open the door!
Open it, damn it!
What are you doing?
Sacha!
You won't hurt her again.
This is probably where
the signal came from.
Give me the map, Nathan.
Look.
Here's where the
signal dropped out.
Has it been shot down?
If there were soldiers here,
we would have known.
Where's Noah?
I tried to help him.
But...
It's not your fault.
You came back.
We should get off the road.
Come on.
What's that?
It's some kind of organic tissue.
Is everything okay?
What is it?
One of those things just walked past.
It's like it didn't see us.
Maybe they were damaged
in the crash.
They don't look damaged.
Don't move.
What's in there?
No idea.
Is this one of them?
Is this what they look like?
It is burned.
You can hardly tell what it is.
Where are you at with that thing?
I just really getting started.
Yeah, they took some babies
from the hospital.
What do you mean?
They killed everyone else but
the babies were gone.
Why would they do that?
It's Kariem.
Can I come in?
There is something I want
to show you.
I'm not really in the mood for surprises.
I think you will like it.
Please.
You said you missed it.
Single beds...
It reminds me of the time
we used to stay over at
your parent's house.
Remember?
They'd be in every couple of minutes.
They didn't want their good
Catholic daughter
to burn in hell.
Well...that ship had sailed.
What was that?
I don't know.
I can't remember how I know it.
Your hand...
It's so embarrassing.
What?
In the shop,
when we met...
I weed on you.
The world has ended
and you're worried that
you pissed on me?
Yes.
I pointed a gun at you.
I was scared.
I'm sorry.
I guess we're even.
Do you think it's too soon?
After what's happened?
Too soon for what?
To have sex.
Would you like to?
Yes.
What does it mean?
I don't know.
My friend chose it.
The mark of your tribe.
Something like that.